hi again everybody it's jason with the
meebo news I wanted to update everybody
on the Little Mac giveaway it's still
happening we are going to be drawing the
winner tomorrow afternoon i'm going to
be posting the winner with the new
unboxing video that we're going to be
doing of Captain Falcon so you still
have a little bit of time to register
for that you can go ahead and click the
link below and that's going to take you
to that video where you can find out all
the details and i'll play Little Mac the
time being though I did want to post a
video tonight and I've had a few
requests for a room tour so I'm going to
go ahead and show everybody my Nintendo
collection Miami bulk collection and
hopefully find it somewhat interesting
just stay tuned tomorrow for the video
and we'll get the winner for the Little
Mac amiibo I'm as soon as we can thanks
member